Now, this is the last section before you will start with a final project.
The infinite polling loop we have used in the previous section put a heavy load on
the processor due to the constant iterations in very short intervals.
The alternative to constant polling is to block, go to sleep,
and wait for a signal to tell us that new data is available,
then we can wake up again and fetch the data.
In one of the previous sections we have already discussed
the promised future concept which could in principle do this job.
The problem with futures, however,
is that there can only be used a single time,
and for the purpose of our message queue,
we need a signaling mechanism that can be reused as often as we need it.
This is why we will look at the condition
variable which is one of the last building blocks that is missing.
The second type of this section,
we will start with the actual implementation of a concurrent message queue.
So see you there.